this thing is so big and it can run this
fast on home my qualities you know every
evening after work I come prepare my
dinner and as I look outside my windows
there he is
it was one coming down my driveway at
about nine o'clock at night so I thought
let's see where he's going
so I went inside got a torch you know
was walking behind him and I heard him
the noise behind me there was another
one right here at night they will walk
silently because they so nervous they
don't want people to see them they want
to be hidden away and you could come
around the corner and he's just standing
there always watching you
it's always watching your move if you
know the cow is bigger than cow
the animals were here before we were and
it's so important for this hotel to
preserve them because without them I
wouldn't be Santa Lucia so we do have
something very special here
[Music]
you